# ReqCap : Domain Specific Language for Capturing Requirements

Generally, software requirements for a system are captured using informal high-level natural language descriptions. These requirements are shared with various teams that involve developers, designers, architects, quality control engineers and security experts. It will be helpful for these personnel if the requirements are more granular and in a language that they understand. We propose ReqCap, a Domain Specific Language (DSL) for capturing requirements. It helps stakeholders to formally capture the requirements in a consistent, systematic manner as opposed to the conventional methods of taking surveys or interviews and then writing the user requirements in a potentially ambiguous language like English. It also saves time and prevents conflicts in understanding the user-specified requirements. Here, we discuss the feedback on capturing requirements from various stakeholders involved in software development. This discussion forms the basis for our DSL. We then describe the syntax of ReqCap, along with security and architecture requirements that are captured using our DSL. ReqCap is under active development, and we are expanding its vocabulary to enable the stakeholders to capture the requirements effectively in a language that they are familiar with.

Get PHP My admin and cut-paste the contents of the Website folder under C:\wamp64\www\<projectName>.

Run req_defs.py. Enter loginTest for the first prompt (requirements file) and any word when asked for "package". Output will be generated in StepDefs.java.
